
Develop a system where it can detect  every bar in Omaha. The system will provide convenience among consumers and tourists. Then it can use the public to crowd source and give information on how crowded a bar is. They can give a rating from 1-10 on how crowded the establishment is, how fun the bar is, if they would ever go back again, and what day and time they were at the bar so people could see the peak hours and slow hours for the establishment. So if you go out somewhere on a Friday night you could see reports or comments on certain bars so you know which ones have a big crowd if that's what your looking for, or smaller crowds if that's your preference, and what people ranked the bar. We will also include information on happy hour specials, drink specials, and any special events that might be going on, and coupons for drink specials to select bars. Why is the crowd needed for this project: You need the crowd to complete this task because without the crowd it is not possible to know how crowded the bar is. There is no way I can just go around town looking for each bar in Omaha  and that's not realistic as well as time consuming. You need the crowd using the system to report information if you want this project to be successful. The system is used so thatonce a user logs in, it tracks the persons location after they gain their permission to do so. Just like GPS does.  Then the user can input any information on the bar they plan on visiting. It can also be used to look at reviews, ratings, happy hour specials of other bars that a person might want to visit if they are from out of town or not familiar with the area. 
